here we go
if you have the chance what do a
stewardess a gunrunner a bail bondsman
an ex-con a federal agent and a beach
bunny have in common you don't come in
on this thing with me you got to be
prepared to go all the way they're
chasing a half million in cash
half a million dollars will always be
this way do you get money just take a
seat and play your ass against me yeah
there's only one question who's playing
who let's make a deal yeah so what you
can give us are you gonna offer to set
them up yeah pretty much
quentin tarantino's Jackie Brown a for
itself when you absolutely positively
got to kill their mother in the wrong
set no substitute